Add documentation for `load_workflow()` (#306)
NVIDIA/AIQToolkit: docs/source/workflows/run-workflows.md

## Using the Python API

The toolkit offers a programmatic way to execute workflows through its Python API, allowing you to integrate workflow execution directly into your Python code. Here's how to use it:

```python
    async with load_workflow(config_file) as workflow:
        async with workflow.run(input_str) as runner:
            result = await runner.result(to_type=str)
```

In this example:

> - `config_file`: A string path pointing to your workflow's `config.yml` file

Reviewer: This makes it seam like the file name needs to be named "config.yml"
```suggestion
- `config_file`: A string path pointing to your workflow YAML file
```

- `input_str`: A string containing the input for your workflow

> - The `workflow.run(input_str)` method returns an instance of `~aiq.runtime.runner.AIQRunner`

Reviewer: This needs either the `{py:class}` prefix to make it a Sphinx API reference, or the `~` should be removed to simply reference the name of the class.

```suggestion
- The `workflow.run(input_str)` method returns an instance of {py:class}`~aiq.runtime.runner.AIQRunner`
```
